1000 O
hr O
mechanical B-Specifier
and O
lube B-Activity
service B-Activity

2 B-Cardinality
lights B-Item
out B-Observation
on B-Location
machine B-Item

3 B-Cardinality
x O
240 B-Cardinality
volt B-Item
lights B-Item
out B-Observation

ITEM_ID O
compressor O
oil O
requires B-Item
top B-Consumable
up B-Observation

ITEM_ID O
inspection O
29/12 O
eme4489 B-Activity

ITEM_ID O
mechancial O
service O
4 O
wk/500 B-Activity
hr O

ITEM_ID O
not O
tramming B-Item

ITEM_ID O
pre O
service O
setup B-Activity

ITEM_ID O
pre-service O
setup O

ITEM_ID O
pre-service O
setup O

access B-Activity
audit B-Item
repairs B-Activity

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guides B-Item

air B-Item
/con I-Item
very I-Item
noisy O

air B-Item
cond I-Item
compressor B-Item

air B-Item
cond. I-Item
working B-Observation
intermittently. I-Observation

air B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
around B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

air B-Item
valve I-Item
not B-Observation
shutting I-Observation
off I-Observation

alternator B-Item
r/s B-Location

audible B-Item
alarm I-Item
on B-Observation
softly I-Observation
at I-Observation
all I-Observation
times I-Observation

auto B-Item
level I-Item
device I-Item
reading B-Observation
backwards I-Observation

autosparks B-Agent
NA O
08/03/06 B-Time

bad O
vibration B-Observation

bent B-Observation
hand B-Item
rail I-Item
at B-Location
back I-Location
cabin B-Item
door B-Item

blow B-Observation
hose B-Item

book B-Activity
out I-Activity
filters B-Item

both B-Cardinality
rear B-Location
jacks B-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

break B-Activity
out I-Activity
u/s B-Observation

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
- O
rework B-Activity

broken B-Observation
control B-Item
connection. I-Item

broken B-Observation
go B-Item
switch I-Item
r/h B-Location
mast I-Location
lock I-Location
.the B-Item
in B-Item

broken B-Observation
handraill/h/s B-Item
crows O
nest I-Location

broken B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
cylinder B-Item

broken B-Observation
l/h B-Location
pulldown I-Location
chain I-Location

broken B-Observation
locking B-Item
pin I-Item

broken B-Observation
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item
holding B-Item
cylinder. I-Item

build B-Activity
up I-Activity
rod B-Item
support I-Item
beak B-Item

bull B-Item
hose I-Item
air B-Consumable
leak. B-Observation

bull B-Item
hose I-Item
split B-Observation

busted B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

c B-Item
spanner B-Item
for O
minning B-Observation

c/b6 B-Activity
tripping O
e/l. O

cab B-Item
interior B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

capital B-Agent
test B-Activity
cab B-Item

capital B-Agent
fit B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
drive I-Item
to I-Item
a/c O
compres O

capital B-Agent
move B-Activity
cab B-Item
door B-Item
as O
per O
drawings B-Item

capital B-Agent
engine B-Item
protection B-Item
hood I-Item

capital B-Agent
fit B-Activity
larger O
sumpmachine B-Item
shut B-Observation
do I-Observation

capital B-Agent
fit B-Activity
walk B-Item
way I-Item
to O
rhs B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

capital B-Agent
install B-Activity
mesh B-Item
in B-Location
mast B-Item

capital B-Agent
turbo B-Item
& O
ex O
manifold B-Item
guards. B-Item

capital B-Agent
install B-Activity
access B-Item
sys. I-Item

capital B-Agent
modify B-Activity
w/ways B-Item
around O
eng. B-Observation

capital- B-Agent
chubb O
o/haul B-Agent
fire B-Activity
sys. I-Activity

carousel B-Item
not B-Observation
actioning I-Observation
to O
postion B-Item
steels I-Item

case-drain B-Item
leaking B-Observation

cci; O
routine O
ndt B-Activity
inspection O

chaine B-Item
oiler B-Item
no B-Observation
working I-Observation

change B-Activity
cyclinder. B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
cyl B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
lube B-Item
pump I-Item

changeout B-Activity
compressor B-Item
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item

check B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
leaks B-Observation

check B-Activity
drill B-Item
water I-Item
level B-Attribute
sensor B-Item

check B-Activity
feed B-Item
system I-Item
control B-Item

check B-Activity
fire B-Item
alarm I-Item

check B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
return O
filters B-Activity
for B-Item
debris O

check B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

clean B-Activity
out I-Activity
chain B-Item
lube B-Consumable
canister B-Item

comp B-Activity
high O
air B-Item
tenp I-Item

comp. B-Activity
air O
tune B-Item
at I-Item
end B-Location
of I-Location
s/down O

complete B-Activity
1000 O
hr O
mechenical B-Specifier
inspect. B-Activity

complete B-Activity
parts B-Item
listing O
for O
shutdown B-Observation

compresor B-Item
over B-Observation
temp B-Attribute
fault B-Observation

compressor B-Item
control B-Item
repairs B-Activity

compressor B-Item
no B-Observation
air O

compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
low B-Observation
lube O
alarm B-Item

compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
low B-Attribute
pressure B-Attribute
fault B-Observation

compressor B-Item
over B-Observation
temp I-Observation

control B-Item
panel I-Item
alarms B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
around B-Location
coolant B-Item
sensor I-Item

counter B-Item
looses B-Observation
track I-Observation
of I-Observation
depth B-Attribute

crack B-Observation
in B-Location
chassis B-Item

crack B-Activity
in B-Location
l/h B-Location
top I-Location
side I-Location
handrail B-Location

crack B-Observation
in B-Location
pipe B-Item
near B-Location
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

crack B-Activity
test B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
fuel B-Item
tanks I-Item

cracked B-Observation
mast-lh B-Item
outer B-Location

cracks B-Observation
in B-Location
radiator B-Item
chassis B-Item
mounting B-Observation

crane B-Item
& O
truck B-Item
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
to B-Location
ITEM_ID O

cwpope B-Agent
to O
test I-Activity
seperator B-Item
housing B-Item

damaged B-Observation
electrical B-Item
cable I-Item
on B-Location
ITEM_ID O

dead B-Item
man I-Item
switch B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing B-Activity
ITEM_ID O

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
woren B-Observation

deck B-Item
cylinders B-Item
creeping B-Observation
valve B-Item
u/s B-Observation

deck B-Item
falling B-Observation
down I-Observation

deck B-Item
seal B-Item

def. O
check O
cab B-Activity
dust B-Item
entry B-Observation

def. O
check O
coolant B-Activity
flow B-Consumable
switch B-Item

def. O
replace O
deck B-Activity
seal B-Item

def. O
replace O
deck B-Activity
shute B-Item
rubbers B-Item

def.carosuel O
lower B-Location
roller B-Item
u/s B-Observation

def.check B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
limits B-Attribute

def.check O
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

def.check B-Activity
feed B-Item
and O
rotation B-Attribute
pressure B-Attribute

def.check B-Item
head I-Item
creep B-Observation

def.check B-Activity
mast B-Item
pins B-Item
for O
play O

def.check B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
hose I-Item
onto B-Location
head B-Item

def.compressor B-Item
receiver B-Item
tap B-Item
leaking B-Observation

def.fluro O
light B-Item
in B-Location
cab B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

def.light B-Item
shinning B-Observation
up I-Observation
to I-Observation
head I-Observation
out I-Observation

def.off B-Item
side B-Location
camera B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

def.one B-Cardinality
driveshaft B-Item
nipple B-Item
wont B-Observation
tak I-Observation
greas O

def.pipe B-Item
support I-Item
arm B-Item
worn B-Observation
through I-Observation

def.tap B-Item
on B-Location
potable B-Item
water I-Item
inlet B-Item
leaking B-Observation

discon B-Activity
gene B-Item
from O
shutdown B-Item
pad. I-Item

door B-Item
latch B-Item
repair B-Activity

doors B-Item
seals I-Item
not B-Observation
sealing I-Observation
at B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
doors B-Item

drill B-Item
bit I-Item
repairs B-Activity

drill B-Item
tracking I-Item
to O
the O
left B-Location

drill B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
tram I-Observation

drillpro. O
o/haul O
8 B-Activity
mast I-Activity
index I-Activity
cylinders. O

drillpro. O
o/haul O
air B-Item
on/off I-Item
cylinder. I-Item

drillpro. O
o/haul O
lh B-Activity
mast I-Activity
lift I-Activity
cylinder. B-Location

drillpro. O
o/haul O
lhs B-Activity
feed I-Activity
cylinder. I-Activity

drillpro. O
o/haul O
lock B-Item
cylinder. I-Item

drillpro. O
o/haul O
rhs B-Activity
feed I-Activity
cylinder. I-Activity

drive B-Item
train B-Item
vibration B-Attribute
& O
noise O
found B-Observation
alt B-Item

dust B-Observation
leaking I-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item

eng B-Item
shuts B-Observation
down I-Observation
no B-Observation
reason I-Observation
found O

eng B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
shut I-Observation
down I-Observation

engine B-Item
hour B-Item
meter I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

engine B-Item
shutdown, B-Observation
cylinder O
head B-Item
failure B-Item

engine B-Item
shutting B-Observation
down I-Observation
with O
air O
demand O

erratic B-Observation
control I-Observation
of O
jacks B-Item
& O
hoist. B-Item

fab B-Activity
& O
fit B-Activity
access B-Item
to B-Location
cab B-Item
top B-Location
& O
mast B-Item

fab B-Activity
& O
fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
elect B-Item
box I-Item
in B-Location
cab B-Item

fab B-Activity
& O
relocate B-Activity
battery B-Item
box I-Item

fab. B-Activity
& O
fit O
emergency B-Activity
exit B-Specifier
steps. B-Item

fan B-Item
motor B-Item
noisy B-Observation

faulty B-Observation
circuit B-Item
breaker I-Item
on B-Location
generator B-Item

faulty B-Observation
proximity B-Item
switch I-Item
& O
circuit B-Item
breaka B-Item

feed B-Item
and O
jacks B-Item
slow B-Observation

feed B-Item
controler B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
head B-Item

feed B-Item
lever I-Item
very B-Observation
tight I-Observation

feed B-Item
override B-Item
switch B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

feed B-Item
potentiometer B-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

feed B-Item
pressure B-Attribute
guage B-Item
sticking B-Observation

feed B-Item
pressure B-Attribute
problem B-Observation

feed B-Item
wont B-Observation
operate I-Observation

fidecks B-Item
require B-Observation
new B-Specifier
skirts B-Item

final B-Specifier
shutdown B-Item
scope B-Activity

fit B-Activity
60 O
litre B-Specifier
comp. B-Item
oil O
reserve B-Consumable
tank B-Item

fit B-Activity
dicky B-Item
seat I-Item

fit B-Activity
diesel B-Item
wiggins B-Item
to B-Location
l/h I-Location
side I-Location
point I-Location

fit B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
drive I-Item
to I-Item
alternator B-Location

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
bush B-Item

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
to B-Location
ITEM_ID O

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
rod B-Item
holder B-Item
arm I-Item

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
stems,sub B-Item
& O
deck B-Item
bush B-Item

fit B-Activity
pex B-Item
turbo I-Item

fitting B-Item
loose B-Observation
on B-Location
siwvel B-Item

fix B-Activity
door B-Item
seal I-Item

flat B-Observation
battery B-Item
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

front B-Location
jack B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
going I-Observation
out I-Observation

front B-Location
jack B-Item
limits B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

front B-Location
jacks B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
work I-Observation

front B-Location
jacks B-Item
wont B-Observation
raise I-Observation

grease B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
frame B-Specifier
lube B-Item
pump I-Item
fittings B-Item

grease B-Consumable
lube B-Consumable
alarm B-Item

grease B-Item
pump I-Item
needs B-Observation
overhauling O

grease B-Activity
pump B-Item
r/s B-Location

grease B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation
at B-Location
pump B-Item
base B-Item

grs B-Agent
b.creedon O
15/2/06 B-Time

grs B-Agent
g.reid B-Agent
8/2/06 B-Time

grs B-Agent
l.cambell O
15/2/06 B-Time

hand B-Item
rail I-Item
repairs. B-Activity

hasting B-Observation
doing I-Observation
a O
service B-Activity

hastings B-Agent
inspection B-Activity

head B-Item
& O
deck B-Item
creeping B-Observation
down I-Observation

head B-Item
control B-Item
valve I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

head B-Item
guides B-Item
worn B-Observation

head B-Item
keeps B-Observation
creeping I-Observation
down I-Observation

head B-Item
playing B-Observation
up. I-Observation

head B-Item
sensor B-Item
for O
traming B-Observation
at B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

head B-Activity
up I-Activity
guides B-Item
and O
cups B-Item
need B-Observation
replacing B-Activity

hid B-Item
lights I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

hoist B-Item
feed B-Item
to O
farst O

hose B-Item
between B-Location
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
tank B-Item
& O
seper O

hose B-Item
off O
the O
air B-Item
tank I-Item
bent B-Observation

hose B-Item
tangled B-Observation
in B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

hyd B-Item
cab I-Item
door B-Item
to B-Observation
be I-Observation
bolted I-Observation
shut I-Observation

hyd B-Item
gauges I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

hyd B-Item
tune B-Activity
at B-Location
end I-Location
of O
shut B-Observation
down I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
control I-Item
button B-Item
won't B-Observation
switch I-Observation
of I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
pressure I-Item
guage I-Item
sticking. B-Observation

hydraulic O
warning O
alarm B-Item

input B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation
on B-Location
front B-Location
drive B-Item
box I-Item

inspect B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
ITEM_ID O

inspect B-Activity
hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
jack B-Item
leg I-Item

inspect B-Activity
idlers B-Item
& O
report B-Activity
condition B-Attribute

inspect B-Activity
l/h B-Location
propel I-Location
pump I-Location
operation B-Item

inspect B-Activity
possible O
cable B-Item
damage B-Observation

inspection B-Activity
3/5/01. B-Time
some I-Time
hyd I-Time
hoses I-Time
behind I-Time

install B-Activity
85/140 B-Cardinality
dry-break O
couplings B-Cardinality

install B-Activity
85/140 B-Cardinality
drybreak O
couplings O

install B-Activity
gate B-Item
valve B-Item
in B-Location
hyd B-Item
suction I-Item
line I-Item

install B-Activity
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

installling B-Activity
ballasts B-Item

inverter B-Item
tripping B-Observation
on B-Location
e/l B-Item

isolate B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
burnt B-Observation
cables B-Item
- O
see O
text O

jack B-Item
check B-Activity
seals B-Item
hard- B-Observation
erratic O

jack B-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation

jakstas B-Agent
NA O
repairs B-Activity
10/2/06 B-Time

l/h B-Location
lower I-Location
feed I-Location
sproket I-Location
out B-Item
of I-Item
line B-Observation

l/h B-Location
track I-Location
binding I-Location
up B-Item

l/h B-Location
track I-Location
is I-Location
slow B-Item
to O
operate B-Observation

lanolin B-Item
for O
chain B-Item
lube B-Activity

leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
fan I-Location
motor I-Location
hose. B-Item

leaking B-Observation
cyclinder. B-Item

levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
slow B-Observation

lhs B-Location
mast B-Item
lift B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking. B-Observation

lift B-Item
stem B-Item
back O
in O

light's B-Item
not O
working B-Observation

lights B-Item
cutting B-Observation
out I-Observation

loose B-Observation
growser B-Item
bolts I-Item
l/h B-Location
track I-Location

loss B-Observation
of O
downhole B-Item
air B-Consumable

lost B-Observation
a O
cylender B-Item
pin B-Item

lost B-Observation
a O
rod B-Item

lost B-Observation
pin B-Item
to B-Location
indexing B-Item
cylender I-Item

low B-Attribute
compressor B-Item
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

low B-Attribute
on B-Location
power B-Item
& O
turbo B-Item
glowing B-Observation
red B-Observation

low B-Attribute
power B-Attribute

lube B-Consumable
alarm B-Item
activated B-Observation

malfunction B-Activity
in B-Location
bit B-Item
lube B-Item
system. I-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
10/02/2006 O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
15/03/06 O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
15/2/06 O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
NA O
14-03-06 B-Time

manufacturer24 B-Agent
NA O
8/3/06 B-Time
repairs I-Time

manufacturer24 B-Agent
NA O
repairs B-Activity

manufacturer30 B-Agent
have O
lost O
menu O
bar B-Item

manufacturer5 B-Agent
o/haul B-Activity
mast O
raise B-Activity
cylinder B-Item

mask B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
light B-Item
u/s B-Observation

mast B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
u/s B-Observation

mast B-Item
pin B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
retract I-Observation

mast B-Item
warning B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
refurb B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

modify B-Activity
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
hold B-Item
down I-Item
lugs I-Item

move B-Activity
water B-Item
tank I-Item
o/flow B-Item
to I-Item
outside B-Observation

needs O
a O
crane B-Item
first O
up O
...dropped O
steel B-Observation

needs B-Observation
a O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

no O
down O
hole B-Observation
air O

no B-Observation
water I-Observation
going I-Observation
to B-Location
mast B-Item

not B-Observation
hoisting I-Observation
up I-Observation

o/haul B-Item
air I-Item
conditioning I-Item
system B-Item

o/haul B-Activity
track I-Activity
frame I-Activity
pivot B-Item

o/haul B-Item
winch I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
around B-Location
pumps B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
bottom B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
l/h/f B-Location
chassis I-Location

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
l/h/f B-Location
jack I-Location
cylinder I-Location

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
turbo B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
feed I-Location
cylinder I-Location

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
regen B-Item
valve B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
acc. O
pumps B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
oil B-Consumable
cooler B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leakon B-Item
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
in B-Location
hyd. B-Item
cabnet I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
on B-Location
mast. B-Item

oil B-Consumable
lines B-Item
tangled B-Observation

one B-Cardinality
filter B-Item
still O
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

operator B-Agent
change B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable

overhaul B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

p[ipe O
positioner O
switch O
r/s B-Item

park B-Item
brake I-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
hold I-Observation

parrot B-Item
beaks B-Item
need B-Observation
building O
up. O

pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
alarm I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item

poasitioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
npt B-Observation
holding I-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

postioner B-Item
arm I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

pre-service B-Item
setup B-Activity

purchace B-Activity
85w140 O
drybreak B-Observation
couplings B-Item

purchace B-Activity
85w140 O
drybreak B-Observation
couplings B-Item

quote B-Activity
to I-Activity
repair I-Activity
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item

quote B-Activity
to I-Activity
repair I-Activity
propel B-Item
motor I-Item

r/h B-Location
upper I-Location
loader I-Location
cyl B-Location
leaking B-Item

r/h/f B-Location
engine I-Location
mount I-Location
bolts I-Location
loose I-Specifier

radio B-Item
falling B-Observation
out I-Observation
of I-Observation
bracket B-Item

rail B-Item
staunchen B-Item
broken B-Observation
l/h B-Location
crows I-Location
nest I-Location

reair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
from B-Location
under B-Location
cylinder B-Item
head I-Item

reamer B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing B-Activity
or O
removeing B-Activity

rear B-Location
cabin B-Item
door B-Item
requires B-Observation
new B-Specifier
rubber B-Item

recharge B-Activity
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item

refit B-Activity
and O
tighten B-Activity
a/c B-Specifier
mounting I-Specifier
bolts B-Item

refit B-Activity
winch B-Item
rope B-Item

refurbish B-Activity
operators B-Agent
seat B-Item

relace B-Activity
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
hose I-Item

relocate B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
filters I-Item
to I-Consumable
front B-Location
of I-Location
tank I-Location

remove B-Activity
- O
refit B-Activity
cab B-Item

remove B-Activity
link B-Item
from O
both B-Cardinality
feed B-Item
chain I-Item

remove B-Activity
rod B-Item
so O
they O
can O
change B-Activity
bit B-Item

repaint B-Activity
drill B-Item

repair B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
comp. B-Item
discharge O
hose B-Item

repair B-Activity
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
on B-Location
r/h B-Location

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
pull B-Item
down I-Item
chains I-Item
ITEM_ID O

repair B-Activity
cab B-Item
e-stop B-Item
"not O
working" B-Observation

repair B-Activity
charging O

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
deck B-Item

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
l/h B-Location
vertical I-Location
lock I-Location

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
around B-Location
cooler B-Item
pack I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
chassis B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in O
track B-Item
frames B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
as O
per O
ndt O
report B-Activity

repair B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
on B-Location
ITEM_ID O

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
curtain I-Item

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
shute I-Item
rubbers B-Item

repair B-Activity
engine B-Item
fire B-Item
supression I-Item
capillary B-Item

repair B-Activity
front B-Location
lights B-Item

repair B-Activity
head B-Item
speed B-Attribute
gauge B-Item

repair B-Activity
hole B-Observation
in O
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
up B-Location
mast B-Item

repair B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
a/c B-Specifier
motor I-Specifier

repair B-Activity
light B-Item
bracket B-Item

repair B-Activity
lube B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
ITEM_ID O

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
safety B-Item
rail I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
cylinder B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
return I-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
pin B-Item
in B-Location
pull B-Item
down I-Item
chain I-Item
ITEM_ID O

repair B-Activity
to O
auto B-Item
fire B-Item
supression I-Item

repair B-Activity
traveling O
sheeve B-Item
guide B-Item

repair/replace B-Activity
blown O
hoses B-Activity

repaired B-Activity
two B-Cardinality
lights B-Item

repairing B-Activity
air B-Item
blower I-Item
on B-Location
window B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
brake B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
tool B-Item
rench O

repalce B-Activity
alt. B-Item
belts B-Item

repalce B-Activity
cylinder B-Item
head B-Item

replace B-Activity
& O
relocate B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
lube B-Item
station I-Item

replace B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
x O
lower B-Location
bull B-Item
hoses I-Item

replace B-Activity
3x B-Cardinality
lights B-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Specifier
clutch I-Specifier

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Specifier
comressor I-Specifier

replace B-Activity
a/c O
flow O
divider B-Activity
cartrigde B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
seperator I-Item
elements B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
switch I-Item
on B-Location
rotation B-Item
lever I-Item

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
cab B-Item
blinds B-Item

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
injectors B-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belts B-Item

replace B-Activity
battery's B-Item

replace B-Activity
batterys B-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose. I-Item

replace B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
lower B-Location
bull B-Item
hoses I-Item

replace B-Activity
brushes B-Item
in B-Location
condensor B-Item
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
with O
steel O
pipe B-Item

replace B-Activity
check B-Activity
valve B-Item
seal B-Item
kits B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
cooler B-Item
fan I-Item
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
discharge B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
retaining B-Item
plate I-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
in B-Location
rack B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
outer B-Location
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
faulty B-Observation
circuit B-Item
breaker I-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
and O
hoist B-Item
ropes B-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
inlet B-Item
seals B-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
shaft B-Item
seal B-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
stroker B-Item
plate B-Item

replace B-Activity
front B-Location
driveshaft B-Item
adaptor B-Item
lock B-Item

replace B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
inj. O
pump. B-Item
mid O
life O
1.7.3 O

replace B-Activity
head B-Item
packing B-Item

replace B-Activity
head B-Item
sub B-Item
on B-Location
ITEM_ID B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
oil I-Item
cooler B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
holding O
valves B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
return O
filters B-Item

replace B-Activity
ignition B-Item
switch I-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
lower I-Location
feed I-Location
sprocket I-Location

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack I-Location
control I-Location

replace B-Activity
l/h/s B-Location
top I-Location
carrier I-Location
sprocket I-Location

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fuel B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
control B-Item

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers. I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
safety B-Item
rope I-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
airline B-Item
check B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
cab B-Item
window B-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
flexible O
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
controller I-Item

replace B-Activity
minimum B-Attribute
pressure B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
grouser B-Item
plate I-Item
bolts B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
r/h B-Location
head I-Location
slide I-Location

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
rocker B-Item
switch B-Item

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
in B-Location
valve B-Item

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
& O
air B-Item
hoses I-Item
as O
req. O

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
step I-Item
lower B-Location
solenoid B-Item

replace B-Activity
primer B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
comp/hyd I-Location
cooler I-Location
fan B-Activity

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
mast I-Location
lock I-Location
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
mast I-Location
locking I-Location
cyl B-Item

replace B-Activity
rear B-Location
acc. B-Item
pump O
face B-Item
oring I-Item

replace B-Activity
return B-Item
filter B-Item
lid B-Item
studs B-Item

replace B-Activity
rotry B-Item
head I-Item
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
rubber O
intake O
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
shaft B-Item
front B-Location
uni B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
short B-Observation
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
slew B-Item
brgs I-Item
on B-Location
front I-Location
palfinger B-Item

replace B-Activity
staple B-Item
lock I-Item
on B-Location
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item

replace B-Activity
tappet B-Item
cover B-Item
gaskets B-Item

replace B-Activity
top B-Location
viewing B-Item
window I-Item

replace B-Activity
track B-Item
grousers B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
turbo B-Item
accumulator- B-Item
engine O
line B-Item

replace B-Activity
turbo B-Item
oil B-Consumable
feed B-Item
line I-Item

replace B-Activity
water B-Item
tank I-Item
rear B-Location
support B-Item
beam B-Item

replace/rotate B-Activity
sub O
saver B-Activity

replaced B-Activity
starter B-Item
motor I-Item

replaced B-Activity
500w O
self O
ballast B-Item
lamps B-Item

replaced B-Activity
a/c B-Specifier
filter I-Specifier

replaced B-Activity
dies B-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench. I-Item

replaced B-Activity
evaporator B-Item
fan I-Item
brushes B-Item

replaced B-Activity
light B-Item
out B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

reposition B-Activity
propell B-Item
valves I-Item

reposition B-Activity
winch B-Item
control B-Item
switch I-Item

reposition B-Activity
winch B-Item
switch B-Item

requires B-Observation
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
pin B-Item
bush B-Item

reseal B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

reseal B-Activity
r/h B-Location
propel I-Location
pump I-Location
adaptor B-Item

reset B-Activity
c/b B-Item
for I-Item
inverter I-Item

reset B-Activity
hold B-Item
down I-Item
valve I-Item
relief B-Item
press B-Item

reset B-Activity
lights B-Item

review B-Activity
pmo2000 O
sheets B-Item
for O
ITEM_ID O

reweld B-Activity
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
stop B-Item

rewire B-Activity
access B-Item
steps I-Item

rewire B-Activity
machine B-Item

rod B-Item
soupert B-Item
cups B-Item

rod B-Item
support I-Item
arm B-Item
creeping B-Observation
in I-Observation

rollers B-Item
no O
3/5 O
on O
r/h/s I-Time
u/s B-Location

rollers B-Item
on B-Location
the O
way B-Observation
out I-Observation

rotary B-Item
head I-Item
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

rotate/replace B-Activity
box O
sub B-Activity

rotation B-Item
controller I-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting. B-Activity

rotation O
hyd B-Item
pipe I-Item
cracked B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

scope B-Activity
to O
replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
pedistal B-Item

scv B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O

scv B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O
10/2/2006 O

scv B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O
10/3/06 O

scv B-Agent
ITEM_ID B-Activity
repairs O
11/2/2006 O

scv B-Agent
ITEM_ID O
repairs O
8/2/2006 O

scv B-Agent
NA O
repairs B-Activity
08/03/06 B-Time

service B-Activity
machine B-Item

shackle B-Item
missing B-Observation
onsafety B-Item
chain I-Item
on B-Location
bull B-Item
h I-Location

shorten B-Activity
head B-Item
slide I-Item
adjustind B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

shut B-Activity
down I-Activity
measurement B-Activity
of O
cabin B-Item

shut B-Item
down I-Item
system I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

shuting B-Observation
down I-Observation
on B-Location
comp B-Item
oil B-Consumable
temp B-Attribute

sometimes O
head B-Item
takes B-Observation
off I-Observation
up I-Observation
at I-Observation
full I-Observation
spee I-Observation

stem B-Item
b O
177 O
slightly O
bent B-Observation

stem B-Item
locked B-Observation
up I-Observation

step B-Item
indicator I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

straighten B-Activity
sheave B-Item
carrier B-Item
rope B-Item
guides B-Item

sub B-Item
getting B-Observation
close I-Observation
to I-Observation
changing I-Observation

supply B-Activity
lanotec O
chain B-Item
lube B-Consumable

tap B-Item
leaking B-Observation
on B-Location
compressor B-Item
tank B-Item

test B-Activity
park B-Item
brake B-Item

thread B-Item
lube B-Consumable
gasket B-Item
blown B-Observation

thread/bit B-Item
lube O
not B-Item
working I-Item

thred B-Specifier
lube B-Item
pump I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

tighten B-Activity
front B-Location
engine B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

tighten B-Activity
loose B-Observation
turbo B-Item
exhaust B-Item
clamp B-Item

timing B-Item
bar I-Item
misaligned B-Observation

tune B-Activity
engine B-Item

upgrade B-Activity
chubb B-Item
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
system B-Item

upgrade B-Activity
chubb B-Item
fire B-Item
supprression I-Item
system B-Item

wash B-Item
& O
clean B-Activity
inlet B-Item
filter B-Item
housing B-Item

wash B-Item
& O
clean B-Activity
inltake B-Item
filter B-Item
housing B-Item

water B-Item
injection I-Item
system B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

water B-Item
injection I-Item
hose B-Item
u/s B-Observation

water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

water B-Consumable
trap B-Item
req'd O
for O
thread O
lube B-Item
pump B-Item

weekly B-Time
inspection B-Activity
NA O

weekly B-Time
inspection B-Activity
to O
be O
done O
22-08-01 B-Time

weekly B-Time
inspection B-Activity
to O
be O
done O
on O
20-08-01 B-Time

weld B-Activity
bracket B-Item

weld B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
hyd B-Item
pipe I-Item

window B-Item
washer/wyper B-Item
repairs O

won"t B-Observation
start I-Observation

working B-Observation
air B-Item
presure I-Item

zac's O
ITEM_ID O
signs O

